(upbeat music)
- Nothing is more expensive than bad information.
Know the source, oneradionetwork.com.
- Well, a very pleasant good morning to you.
This is Patrick Timpone, and this is oneradionetwork.com.
Let's take off the replay button
because we are live here this morning.
It is March 2nd, 2021, March 2nd, 2021.
Dr. Ray Peat, a special appearance
because we were iced in during the third week of January.
So he was willing to come back on
and we're gonna get him back in a few weeks, we hope,
so we get back on a regular schedule.
But we have lots of emails
and we never get to all the emails.
So I think it'll be good to have him on
a little bit more this month.
Hope he doesn't mind.
I didn't ask him if he's gonna come back on in a few weeks,
but we'll ask him on the air so we'll put him on the spot.
Just kidding, we are live.
I believe, oh yeah, the 800 number's gonna work.
It's 888-663-6386.
Just a bit of business before we move on.
The Real World of Money with Fred Dashefsky
will be here tomorrow.
And then also Matthew Errett.
And he's gonna talk about the deep, deep, deep roots
of the deep, deep, deep state.
He's a great researcher and I think you'll have fun
really understanding how this entity
that we call the deep state,
how they got started and how they are existing today,
ostensibly controlling lots of things.
So that'll be tomorrow, Regenerative Farming on Thursday.
And then we're gonna do a special Friday presentation
and not sure exactly what we're gonna be doing,
but has a lot to do with it takes a long time to get young.
We are not doing any of the social media.
We do a few minutes before each show
like we're doing right here.
We do our little social media post.
I don't have anything specific this morning,
but then we're working on a little chat room
right on One Radio Network.
So we're not on anywhere.
We just kind of gave up on them all
because I just didn't have the time
and it's just too much.
I'm doing enough right here with you.
So let me know if we can help at
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
Dr. Ray Peat is here.
He is an interesting fellow.
Been around quite a few years in his body.
PhD in biology.
Way back, schools that he has taught in
include University of Oregon, Urbana College,
Montana State University,
National College of Naturopathic Medicine,
Universidad Verde Cruzanza,
Universidad Autónoma Estadual de Mexico.
I didn't pronounce that correctly.
So he spent some time south of the border.
He started his work with progesterone
and related hormones in '68.
He's done papers, all kinds of papers
in physiological chemistry and physics, '71, '72.
But he'll go talk about most anything.
Spiritual matters and evolution and all kinds of stuff.
We're gonna talk to him more about those things
as we get to know him even more.
But he's been on the show here on the third Monday
for a long time.
Dr. Peat, as always, we truly appreciate you
taking the time to come on our show.
Good morning.
- Good morning.
- How are things up there on the left coast?
You doing okay?
- Yeah, the weather is remarkably good
the last few days, sunny and warmer.
Great relief after the dark winter.
- Did you read about our little freezing episode
we had here in Texas?
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh, my goodness.
It was really something, it was really something.
And now more and more information's coming out,
Dr. Peat, about how they just really screwed up
with the subsidizing alternative energy
and the windmill's frozen.
And it was just making the wrong decisions
to make this whole thing happen.
Pretty curious how we have such a fragile grid
all around the country, isn't it?
- Yeah, I think it lacks engineering design
right from the start.
It could have been designed more stably.
Odd things turn up, like at one point,
someone discovered that the whole thing,
when it was integrated, resonated and tended
to be interrupted just by resonating
with the Earth's resonance frequency in the solar wind.
What they had done was create a huge antenna
across the country in the power grid
that was being interfered with just by the streaming
energy from the sun that makes the Earth ring
at a certain frequency.
- And then what effect did that have
on us humanoids, anything?
- Yeah, they were also studying the effects of that.
I think it was 11 cycles per second
that it started vibrating at.
And that tends to drive, the solar wind apparently
is what drives that basic brain rhythm in humans.
And so they experimented, put people in a cage
where they could keep out those natural oscillations
and subject the brain to an artificial field
with varying frequencies.
They gradually slowed the vibration frequency
below the 10 or 11 cycles down around seven or eight cycles.
The brain rhythm being artificially driven slower,
the people all got feeling sick and disoriented.
So our normal consciousness, according,
I think that was either an FBI or NASA study
that showed that our normal consciousness
is based on resonance with the Earth cavity.
- Oh, so actually the vibrations and the impulses
through the wiring in the homes,
is that where that's happening?
- No, right through the Earth and the air.
- Oh, right, wow.
- So when you're in a house with wiring,
you get some of it imposed from the sun and the Earth,
but you're mainly being subjected to 60 cycles a second
in the house.
- In the house.
We've heard over the years that 60 cycles
is actually a little bit more difficult
for the body to deal with than what they do 50 in Europe.
Is that true?
- No, I haven't heard that.
- You haven't?
- But both of them are unnatural.
- Yes.
- I used to, like the area where I have a house in Mexico,
the University of Mexico built a stellar radio antenna there
because it was so free of artificial radiation,
just a few miles from my house.
But now the, I don't suppose the radio antennas
are very good anymore because of the cell phone towers
that have invaded the area.
- You could feel more, just healthier,
or just happier in your body when you're there?
- Yeah, my health always improved, even my eyesight.
- No kidding, wow.
There's quite a bit of research we've done,
shows Dr. Peat over the years about the wiring in the home
with the 60 cycles and the white noise that it does.
You know, the dirty electricity.
And how you can actually put little capacitors in
very inexpensively and you plug 'em in.
And they've done research with Magda Havis up in Canada,
you may know of, about affecting the blood sugar
and thyroid and everything with this.
- Wow.
- It's amazing that we humans have done so well
with all the different things we get thrown at us.
- Yeah, but the world health,
especially Europe and the United States,
the health and lifespan are decreasing
rapidly in recent years.
- How they say it is, is that a fact or is that fake news?
- Well, no, the CDC matches other sources
that the actual lifespan average
is shortening the last three or four years.
And the documented rate of allergies, autoimmune diseases,
degenerative diseases in young people
has skyrocketed in the last 40 years, 30 years.
- And what would Dr. Ray Peat attribute that to?
- The bad foods, polyunsaturated fats, and vaccinations.
And another big cause is the nanoparticles
that are being used in food industry, clothing,
soaps and shampoos, constantly exposure
to this microscopic junk that goes right into our cells
and turns on inflammatory processes.
- We've heard a lot of negative things about nanotechnology.
Is there any good stuff or is all things
that are nanotechnology detrimental,
do you know, for the body?
- Yeah, the industry talks about the great value
of, they say, targeting drugs in the cells.
I think that's all phony, absolute phoniness.
They sell ways to, for example, target extraneous DNA
to do genetic engineering or gene therapy.
But when someone was doing a control
using those commercial targeting agents,
they did a control using plain, untreated DNA
along with those chemical targeting agents,
and they found the crude DNA went into the cells better
than the commercial, supposedly useful material.
- I see, it actually went into the cells better.
Do we know what the nano stuff in soaps or face cream
or whatever does inside the cell?
Do we, as a science, show what it does?
- Yeah, the particle size is the important thing
for the substance.
Chemistry doesn't matter as much
as the size of the particle.
And in a certain very small particle range,
it signals activation of the inflammatory process
and turns on the cytokines that turn on
other inflammatory cascades.
And so if you're on the edge of a slight metabolic fatigue
or weakness, then those things can really activate
a process like lung inflammation, bowel inflammation,
changes in the brain and all of the tissues.
- We're done with Dr. Ray Peat, generally the third Monday,
but we had the ice thing going on.
We were without water, electricity, heat.
We had just wood-burning stove in the snow.
That was about it, so we've moved him up to here.
Patrick Timpone, we are live here this morning,
March 2nd, 2021.
If you have a question, patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
So do we have any evidence of how to get these guys
out of the body?
Would it be the natural detox mechanism, saunas,
and just through the bowel and the kidney and stuff?
- I think we have a very inefficient way
to get these tiny things out,
but to the extent that white blood cells
can detect and remove them,
because they enter right into nerve cells,
blood vessel walls, right into the cell,
it is not obvious to the white blood cells
whether they need to be removed right away,
because it can start a very slow chronic process.
But when the white blood cells can catch them,
then I think the white blood cells can degenerate
in a way that lets them be excreted
either through the bowel or the kidney.
- Yes, I've actually seen some stories
that there's like nano-silver
on maybe the Kraft cheese slices
that we don't recommend, of course,
'cause it's not really cheese,
but to keep it fresher, right?
The little plastic stuff.
- Yeah, people used to put a silver coin
in the swimming pool.
Copper is very similar,
so that you didn't have to use chemicals
to keep down the algae growth.
Just a very small amount of,
like if you don't have a water purifier,
putting a silver coin in your water
and letting it stand has a strong germicidal effect.
- I've often wondered about the colloidal silver craze
that went through the natural food.
I think it's still around.
You can find a lot of them.
They're supposed to be antibacterial,
antiviral, antifungal.
Do you know anything about those?
Do they carpet bomb and kill a lot of good stuff too?
- Yeah, that's the trouble.
- That's the trouble.
- And if people get carried away with it,
it can damage the tissues.
When I was in my teens,
I knew a woman who always wore a veil and gloves
because she had been treated with silver
and it turned her skin a horrible purple color.
- Well, what's the story about the real silver,
that the blue bloods,
and they kind of got a little blue
because they had real silver?
Do you think that kept them from getting something?
Those real silver utensils?
- Oh, sure.
If you have a silver cup or silver spoon,
that's the idea.
It's extremely germicidal.
- Germicidal.
Ayurvedic medicine likes this idea
of putting water in a real authentic copper cup
and drinking some of that every day.
Do you think that's useful or viable or reasonable?
- I think it's safe.
- So copper is a germicidal thing?
- Copper and silver are almost equal
in their germ killing.
- So that leads us to, of course,
the question I really want to ask you about
before we take emails,
is this whole germ thing.
I've sent you a video and then I sent you,
did you get a chance to look at the text
that I sent you this morning
about Cowan and Kaufman and the germ thing?
So what do you think about that?
Do you think they're onto something?
- Their purpose is absolutely right.
I agree with it.
But have you seen the videos of Zach Bush?
- I've heard about it.
I have not seen Zach's videos.
What's his argument, Dr. Peat?
- His argument is exactly the opposite,
but his purpose is just as good.
Both, all of them are arguing
that there's nothing to panic about.
- Right.
- And that's my position,
that there has been nothing unusual
happening this last year.
It's all made up fear.
- Yes.
- Lawyers are suing the government,
asking them where is the evidence for all of this fear?
So far, the courts haven't forced them
to give up the evidence of why it's so dangerous.
So I don't believe there really is any unique thing
in history, it's just the annual fluctuations
of influenza and colds.
- Yeah, but what about the deeper idea
that Cowan, a lot of people are putting out there,
more and more.
I saw a video with about 15 different doctors
on the whole germ theory,
and they're saying that these things have never,
ever been isolated from HIV to polio,
to never been isolated properly.
And that thing I sent you, they make that case.
Do you ever see a pure, real isolation done, Dr. Peat?
- When a person takes a chemistry lab in school,
you learn to identify chemicals with great precision.
That's the purpose of the techniques.
But you don't have to purify things to identify them.
- Mm-hmm.
- And that's, I think, the crux of their argument.
It's based on the mistaken idea
that you have to have absolute purity
to know something exists.
But when they talk about pure chemical reagents,
even those are, every smallest bit
that you analyze, it's going to have some atoms
and molecules of other substances.
- Right, right.
- You don't have to purify chemicals
to identify them with certainty.
- Well, their argument is, Dr.,
because you're getting dead particles and dead molecules
and pieces of the monkey kidneys
where they've been in the dish and everything,
that you've never really isolated a virus,
and it really doesn't exist, as advertised.
That's their argument.
- Yeah, but you don't have to isolate a chemical
to be confident that it exists.
- A chemical, so a virus is a chemical?
- Yeah, because it's not a living substance.
You should categorize it as a biological chemical.
Like insulin is a chemical.
And bits of short pieces of RNA,
just five or 10 base units,
that they work like chemicals.
They can be catalytic and so on.
So if it isn't self-sustaining,
like a protozoan or a bacteria
has all of the features of life,
if it isn't self-sustaining,
you have to describe it as a non-living chemical substance,
even though complex.
But I think the problem comes in
not looking at the actual nature of what is a virus,
how did that complex chemical come into existence
if it can only be multiplied in an organism
like the bacteriophage or the plant viruses.
They're easy to get in a fairly pure form,
not absolutely pure, but enough that everyone can,
even a beginner can make electron micrographs
showing these things.
Where with the small viruses,
the electron microscope pictures are always muddy
and a matter of judgment.
If you see a majority of particles
that are all approximately the same size and shape,
then you suspect that it's something.
But the evidence for even these small viruses
is much better than the,
oh, things like the Loch Ness monster,
and Bigfoot and so on, there are pictures of them,
but not everyone is convinced that there is--
- They exist.
- So with viruses, the evidence is about 1,000 times better
than those other things.
It's good to be skeptical
because it isn't as absolute, clean knowledge
as a lot of chemical tests can achieve.
- So let me see if I can understand you, Dr. Ray P.
What you're saying is,
so are you saying that the past year
whole germ theory thing is correct
and viruses do go around
and we can share them with each other?
- I'm a critic of the so-called germ theory
that gives causality to the germ
because healthy people are not subject
to getting sick from germs.
So the great weakness of the germ theory
is that you need a particular receptive host
for the germ.
And if you just eat well,
are relatively sanitary,
and get your vitamin D in sunlight and so on,
then you don't worry about these viral
or bacterial or fungal diseases.
- But you say they're out there circulating.
- Yeah, Zach Bush, I think is right.
You can find viruses on Antarctic ice and snow.
They're blowing everywhere.
But I think their actual nature,
many biologists just don't like to touch the question
because how do you get this complex bit of DNA or RNA
floating around,
capable of being adopted
and causing, participating in an infection?
I think there's enough evidence now going back
more than 50 years that there is a horizontal transmission
of nucleic acids going on constantly,
even before DNA was identified
as the basic genetic material.
People were seeing evidence of transmission
of genetic information across
extremely different biological types
from plants to animals,
algae to protozoa to humans and so on.
And genetic engineering,
I mentioned that as a control,
some experimenters injected
absolutely simple DNA strands
and cells without treatment.
Cells simply took up that massive molecule
right through their so-called membrane
and integrated it into their own genes.
And a group at Harvard and MIT recently
demonstrated that the mRNA virus,
the strip that's used in the vaccine,
the Pfizer vaccine,
that that virus added to a human tissue,
human cell culture,
can be replicated by the cells
as the virus people intend,
but it can also be copied into DNA
and integrated into the cell's genome,
which is specifically what Fauci says can't happen
because he studied genetics
to the extent that he did in the 1960s
before retroviruses were conceived as a possibility.
So he says, "No, it can't happen.
"Foreign DNA can't be integrated into our genome."
But it turns out that a huge part of our genetic material
comes from outside material,
including virus-like particles.
But when you look at the horizontal transmission
of genetic information,
you can see that people who have drunk water
contaminated with an algae,
that the algae DNA has been found inside their brain cells
and other body cells.
And experimenters with food
find that a certain amount of the DNA in food
finds its way into our cells.
And when you wonder how it is
that this DNA is wandering around
from species to species,
bacteria have specifically engineered a way
so that they can,
if they are starving for a certain nutrient,
they can mutate their genes
over a period of a couple of days
so that they can digest and assimilate a different nutrient.
They can adapt and create new genes.
And if they're exposed to a poison like an antibiotic,
they can mutate and become resistant to that.
And they can pack that information
that's useful to them into a packet
and transmit it to other bacteria of their own species
or even of different species.
And that has been studied so well in bacteria.
It's only starting to be studied.
It actually began in the 1960s,
but there are people who continue to study the transmission
from one part of our body to another,
the nucleic acids,
but also from one organism to another.
And apparently, as the bacteria naturally do that
as part of their living properties,
probably every organism has that ability
to share genetic information.
And just for our internal repair and maintenance system,
in the last 15 or 20 years,
people are accepting that the exosomes,
particles just about the size of viruses,
are circulating in all of our body fluids,
carrying information.
Even a cancer cell can put out exosomes
that induce cancer in other parts of the body.
So it's not always just a repair process,
but can be a disease spreading process within the body.
And so if those things are constantly being put
into our human milk and urine, for example,
bacteria are being exposed to these exosomes,
and bacteria can assimilate human DNA.
And the same way humans can assimilate bacterial DNA,
human DNA can get into the bacteria and yeast.
And so just through the urine, for example,
we're putting our DNA constantly into the environment
where bacteria and fungus and other organisms can pick it up.
And then when those organisms,
bacteria especially, are picked up
and carried around by other organisms,
then that human fragment of DNA that we emitted
is then available to the new recipient
via the fungus or bacteria.
All of the means of transmission of exosomes are known.
And so exactly the point that Cowan and Kauffman are making
is that degenerated cells transmit sickness
among other things, new abilities,
but also new sicknesses if the transmitter was sick.
So what they're saying is right,
that they are probably derived
from other animals and sick people,
but still it's not a crime to call them viruses
because they can be transported around
by bacteria and fungus and whatever.
- So before we take some emails,
then Dr. Ray Peat, on this March 2nd day,
where do you then separate yourself
from the research and the theories on Kauffman and Cowan?
We'll just use those two, there's a lot more.
Where do you separate their saying
that they're missing something or are they not?
I don't wanna put words in your mouth.
- Oh, just that their point of,
their series of arguments for why it doesn't exist,
it's all an exaggerated sense of purity, purification.
And isolation, to identify something,
it doesn't have to be pure and isolated.
And then the other point is that the word virus
shouldn't be such a magical thing.
It's just a temporary potential cause of disease,
which could be exudations from a sick person.
- But their argument that the idea
that if you don't truly isolate it,
truly isolate it, excuse me,
which they argue have never been done,
then you don't really know what you're dealing with, right?
Isn't that what they're arguing?
- No, no, the same with chemicals.
We're confident that we know how a chemical reacts
and even what shape it has and weight and so on
without isolating it,
just by identifying how it behaves and reacts.
The same with everything in the world.
You know many things exist with great confidence,
but you not necessarily have to have seen them.
Have seen it in isolation.
- But if there are other little tangents
to something like, I don't know, antibiotics
or monkey kidneys or whatever they do in the Petri dishes,
are you still then a gray area proving that this caused that?
- Well, it's the same with causation.
It's a matter of judgment and probability.
And causality, you always need a relatively susceptible
and sick person to cause sickness in them.
A very tough, healthy person can undergo tremendous threats,
eating dirt and bathing in filth
and still they're absolutely healthy.
- I think one of their, what I understand,
I may be wrong, but one of their big arguments,
all of these people, including,
you probably heard of Dr. Lanca in Europe,
Stefan Lanca, viruses do not cause disease,
is that if we really look and get to the point
where we don't believe that this whole virus thing
is something to worry about,
either flu virus, cold virus, or alleged COVID,
then we can begin to look at what's really causing that,
diseases, which could be toxins and chemicals
and all kinds of things, right?
And bad thoughts and all kinds of stuff.
- Yeah, I absolutely agree with that overall purpose
that don't make a virus a magical thing
because then crooks in the government,
ignorant people like Fauci,
with knowledge that wasn't good 60 years ago,
will make proclamations about what the virus is going to do.
It's all fantasy, nonsense, and lies.
- And isn't that theory, that same thought,
the whole background for vaccines in general, right?
- Right, right.
The smallpox vaccine actually worked,
but it was done in a traditional way,
scratching the skin with the bad stuff, whatever it was,
would induce a sore and usually lifelong immunity
to smallpox, and that scratching the skin
or irritating the intestine,
that activates, in a healthy person,
that activates a resistance rather than a sickness.
And that vaccine was used intelligently
to encircle the isolated areas
where smallpox broke out.
They would encircle the area with vaccination,
and over a very short time,
were able to eliminate the disease entirely.
But that was not at all good business
for the vaccine industry, to eliminate a disease
from the world.
So even though they knew how to use a vaccine intelligently,
activating the skin, not injecting it deep into the muscle
where it gets into the brain,
but activating the proper immune system,
and then using it to stop in a focused, organized way
to encircle and eliminate the infections,
that's how a vaccine should be used.
But because of the profitability,
they're going crazy inoculating areas
that haven't suffered noticeably from the sickness.
They get half a dozen measles cases,
and they want to vaccinate millions of people
instead of encircling and eliminating the disease
forever from the world.
The disorganization is a ploy to keep selling
more and more vaccines to more and more people.
- You think it's possible measles and mumps
are just a natural detoxification process?
- No, I think there--
- You think there's something there?
- Yeah, like a cold or herpes,
a person who is out of a proper environment,
like you go indoors and keep the air warm and dry,
your mucous membranes get dried out and inflamed,
and just any harmful agent, exosomes, junk emitted
by people in the house or that you contact,
whatever it is, the irritant or toxin or germ
emitted by these people will catch
in the damaged mucous membrane,
and then you suffer the same process.
- Dr. Ray Peat is here.
Would you mind, would you be okay with me
sending this audio to Dr. Cowan and Dr. Kaufman,
and just to, if I know them,
they'll probably do a whole video on this,
and maybe we can have a little discussion.
- Okay.
- Okay, with you?
- Sure.
- Cool.
Okay, stay right there.
We're gonna go to some emails.
Dr. Ray Peat, it is drrayPeat.com,
or rayPeat.com, let me see if I got the right one.
And he's got a newsletter that you can check out,
and please do if you feel so moved.
It is rayPeat.com.
It comes out every couple of months,
and you just do rayPeatnewsletters@gmail.com.
Very inexpensive, and you'll see all kinds
of really fun articles.
He's been around the bend here for a long time
looking into these things, going back to,
well, PhD in biology a long time ago,
I guess back in about,
he did his work on hormones in 1968.
So we're gonna do a quick little break here,
and then we're gonna take your emails,
and it'll be good if Dr. Peat agrees
we can come back in a couple weeks
on our regular third Monday,
because we have so many emails,
and we spent so much time on the whole virus thing,
we're not gonna be able to get to them all,
and even half of them.
But the colostrum sale is still going on.
Still going on.
(laughs)
Need a little water, colostrum thing.
Hold on.
Daniel Vitalis, this idea of colostrum
being really good for the immune system,
tell us a little bit about that.
- Well, the thing about colostrum
is that it is developed in the blood of the cow
right before it calves,
and it's developed so that it can format
the immune system of its calf.
It's pretty important to understand
that a calf would have no immune system
if it got no colostrum,
so it's pretty well understood that
if you deprive a calf of colostrum,
it's gonna have a failure to thrive,
it might even die.
Now, human beings are a little bit different.
We can survive without our mother's colostrum,
but we never are gonna have a fully intact immune system.
The important thing to remember
is that we're living in an era
where there's more people alive today
with dysfunctional immune systems than ever before,
and colostrum gives us the ability
to actually restructure, rebuild,
and reformat our immune systems
so we can really thrive in our modern world today.
- Explore, research, and order
all of Daniel Vitalis's products
clicking on the Survival links
on the front page of oneradionetwork.com.
Yeah, and they extend it, the colostrum thing,
for a few more days through Thursday.
Save 20% on all colostrum products
through Thursday using promo code.
I'm drinking a smoothie here,
and it's kind of making me,
(clears throat)
I might not be able to talk well.
2021, healthy 2021.
You can save up to 60 bucks
on some of the colostrum products
on any Survival link on the colostrum.
Would you like to get a little AquaCare machine?
Hydrogen's a pretty fascinating technology.
Molecular hydrogen is actually a medical term
and device used in China, or in Japan, rather.
It is called Shin-Nu solution,
molecular hydrogen, a medical device in Japan for many years,
and it's been being used for folks
to help rebuild after a stroke and things like that.
Here's George on the possibility
of using it as a nice investment.
There's a lifetime warranty
and a one-year money-back guarantee.
This is Brown's Gas Hydrogen.
Many people have said, and we concur,
that the number one investment we should make
is in our health.
Here's George Wiseman.
Last caller, I'm sorry, I didn't remember his name,
said an investment,
and this is really the investment kind of thing
that you need to do.
Not my machine specifically.
I think I sell the world's best machine,
and I do my best to maintain it
and support the customers and everything,
but regardless of who you get it from,
you really should invest in your health.
How are you gonna enjoy life if you haven't got health?
How are you gonna fulfill that bucket list?
So number one on the bucket list should be your health,
and then you get some extra years.
I say this thing not only adds years to your life
because the science is showing a 30 to 50% life extension,
so I'm expecting to go to the 120, 150 years old,
and I'd help a lot of people between now and then,
but it also adds life to your years.
There's no sense living your last decade of life
if you're in a hospital bed attached to machines,
you know what I mean?
Throwing a Frisbee and having fun.
It's so true, isn't it?
Boy, if we don't feel good and have the energy
to do what we need to do, I mean, what's the point?
And here's an investment with a lifetime warranty,
and also a one-year, no questions asked, money back,
guarantee if you don't want it.
Check out this Aquacure machine,
bubbling hydrogen gas, drinking it, breathing it.
This is real cutting-edge technology.
Check it out in our store.
Use promo code OneRadio for a 10% discount.
The Aquacure Browns Gas Machine on Radionetwork.com.
We have one of the all-time best, I think, cereal.
I'm cereal.
I've used this sauna for, gosh, over 10 years now
for the money and the way it works,
the efficiency, the effectiveness.
I think I've never seen anything to compare
with the price and the effectiveness
of this RelaxFar Infrared Sauna.
If you'd like to learn more about it,
go on OneRadioNetwork.com, click on the sauna ad,
and look at all the good things there.
And I think you'll find that it's really something
that's very powerful if you'd like to get yourself one.
Just email me for the best price,
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
Just shoot me an email.
(upbeat music)
- We are listener supported, One Radio Network.
- We're talking with Dr. Ray Peat.
Always fun to talk to you, sir.
How do you spend most of your day?
Are you still do lots and lots of research?
Or I know you paint, too.
- Oh, a little painting, but lots of reading.
- Yeah, what have you been reading mostly on these days?
- What was that?
- What do you read mostly on these days?
- Oh, it changes.
Like I'm currently working on a newsletter
related to inflammation,
but the holistic aspect of the organism
has almost always been neglected
as a component of inflammation.
And why healthy people can avoid
getting inflammatory conditions.
A lot of it is simply a matter of their attention,
how their brain is organized in daily work.
If you're scattered and distracted constantly
by meaningless tasks,
I think that seriously affects your inflammation processes
and your immunity.
- Yeah, it makes sense though, doesn't it?
If we're scattered around and not focused on breathing
and who we are as spiritual beings and our strength,
then it would make sense that it would weaken us.
- Yeah, and I'm finding things in the history
of psychology and biology
that support that in a very simple way.
- Yeah, yeah.
I think it's more simple than we even imagine, Dr. Pate.
I really do.
That if we're worried or in fear,
my experience is that it's in the body at that moment.
It's right in there, right in there.
- Yeah, yeah, exactly.
- Yeah, wow.
Here's Linda.
She says, "Great show, Patrick.
"I am a newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic.
"If you were consulting with me,
"what would you recommend to totally reverse
"these high blood sugar things?"
- Well, first, I would identify
the cause of the high blood sugar.
I think the type 2 and proposed other kinds
of so-called diabetes,
like pregnancy diabetes,
I think these are just medical intentions
to sell products and services.
It's based way back in the 1940s.
Research on the pituitary, pancreas, thyroid,
adrenal interactions showed that
the insulin was only a very tiny part
of the blood sugar regulatory system.
Doctors almost always fail to check
what's going on with your endocrine system,
known to regulate blood sugar.
They just call it diabetes and leave it at that.
Give you something that directly
lowers the blood sugar,
even though it's achieved at the cost
of damaging your mitochondrial respiratory system
so that you go into an inefficient
glucose-wasting condition.
Traditional side effect problem
of this treatment of diabetes
has been increased lactic acid production
with serious, even deadly,
lactic acidosis being a result.
But the principle has continued to be
damage the respiratory use of glucose
so that you waste glucose and lower the blood sugar.
I think the problem should be approached
by looking first for what is causing
the high blood sugar.
And often it's just a chronically high level
of cortisol production or of another hormone.
And if you find out why your cortisol is high,
often that's a reaction simply to hypothyroidism.
Lack of thyroid hormone makes you unable
to oxidize glucose.
And that puts you in a stress state.
The stress state amplifies to raise the blood sugar.
It keeps the cells from using it
and shifts you over,
forcing you to run on fats
and putting fats into your bloodstream.
Free fatty acids are the other essential blood test
for anyone diagnosed with so-called type two diabetes.
Cortisol and free fatty acids,
and if possible, checking on your lactic acid level.
Your lactic acid should be at the very bottom
of the so-called acceptable normal range.
- And is it true that simple angst or worry or fear
can raise cortisol levels?
- Right, right, as well as lowering thyroid.
- Wow.
- Just a very sudden onset of worry, anxiety, or fear
can give you a surge of free fatty acids
which will block your ability to use glucose.
There's a direct antagonism
when your blood fats rise in the free fatty acid form.
That blocks use of glucose
and so you can instantly create the appearance
of type two diabetes.
In other words, just high blood sugar
is all they diagnose it on.
- Hi, Dr. Ray Peat is with us.
We are live here this morning, March 2nd.
Here's one for you.
Clint Pattison says he cured
rheumatoid arthritis not to consume vegetable oils
as they cause leaky gut.
Does Dr. Peat agree I use olive oil?
Let's see, rheumatoid arthritis and vegetable oils,
do they cause leaky gut and could be RA causing?
- Yeah, the inflammatory prostaglandins
wouldn't be made except that we eat
either arachidonic acid or linoleic acid
or linoleic acid.
Linoleic and arachidonic acids,
they call them essential fatty acids
but when animals or people are put on a diet
that makes them absolutely deficient
in the so-called essential fatty acids,
their immunity and all types of resistance
to infection, poisoning, trauma, fatigue, hypoxia,
all kinds of stress resistance tremendously improves
when you're free of the inflammatory prostaglandins
made from the essential so-called fatty acids.
So when you eat the high proof of vegetable oils,
canola, soy, all of the popular cooking oils,
you're getting a very high background content
of the material from which prostaglandins
will create inflammation at the slightest provocation.
And it happens that olive oil contains
maybe eight to 10% of these potentially toxic
polyunsaturated fats.
The rest of it is safe monounsaturated mostly.
And those don't contribute to the formation
of the toxic prostaglandins.
- So regular use of olive oil is,
in your opinion, no fine?
- Well, butter is better because it's only about 3%
of the bad stuff.
But if you hold your olive oil down to flavoring,
maybe a teaspoon full or so,
it gives good flavor if it's good olive oil
without much danger.
But butter is like three times as safe.
- Butter is the safest.
Isn't that interesting?
Here's an email.
I've been fast developing cataract on my right eye
and I'm reluctant to have the operation due to sojourns.
Any natural remedies or therapies for this?
- Oh, people, my brother, for example,
had a cataract diagnosed when he was about 70.
And in his late 70s, he went back
and the oculist said he could see where there had been one,
but there was no trace of a functioning cataract left.
So people do recover from them
when their physiology changes.
But the loss of energy to those cells
that become opaque leads to them swelling
just like any de-energized tissue swells,
takes up water and the water,
the effect is like cooking egg white.
The change of the water from an organized transparent state,
it becomes an opaque, like a cooked egg white.
And in the cornea of the eye,
that can happen to a woman with, for some reason,
extreme water retention.
I knew someone who suddenly,
in a period of just a few hours,
went blind in both eyes because the corneas
became white and opaque.
And just by bathing her eyes
in a slightly hypertonic salt solution,
the salt, hypertonic salt solution,
removed some of the excess water
and immediately her corneas were clear again.
- Interesting.
- And anything that can shift your balance
away from that water disorganization
and retention effect can let the cataract clear up.
- And that solution, any thoughts on
how you would make that solution properly?
- Well, saline comes into contact
with the cornea directly, so it acts immediately.
But it can't reach the lens,
so it isn't gonna work to,
it might have an effect over a period of a long time.
But the problem is to get your whole body shifted
so that your body fluids, themselves,
the blood and the fluids in the eye
are bathing the eye with more water restraining effect,
possibly more protein and sodium in the water
of your bloodstream and all body fluids.
But probably other things involved,
like keeping the external degree of oxidation
in your blood and fluids, keeping that higher
so that you don't push things towards inflammation
and water retention.
- And if you were gonna mix a little salt with water
on the outside of the eye,
what would be the proportions you would use?
- Oh, for the clearing up the cornea,
I think she used an a quart of water,
I think she used either two rounded teaspoons
or maybe three rounded teaspoons.
- In a quart. - In a quart.
- And speaking of salt, this is a great lead
into this question, would you please ask Dr. Peat, writes
Amy, about information on Morton's pickling
and canning salt that Dr. Hal Huggins used to recommend
versus, say, a Redmond salt or a Himalayan salt?
Does he have any theories on this or research to show
which would be the best choice?
- The canning and pickling sauce,
its feature is that they don't add iron
and other materials for free flowing,
it's just the sodium chloride in a very pure form.
For example, someone I knew worked in a blood chemistry lab
and they would buy most of their chemicals
from a company like Sigma or Spectrum
and pay astronomical prices,
but when they wanted chemically pure sodium chloride,
they would just go to the store.
- Get pickling salt. - Yeah.
- So you think it's a pretty good choice every day,
pickling salt?
- Yeah, because the coloring material,
if it's gray or pink or whatever,
the pink is usually iron oxide or iron other chemicals.
- And the sea salts.
Of course, the sea salt people make this argument
that we need all of these different minerals,
but you don't resonate with that?
- No, some places identify 90 or 92 different minerals,
but most of those are toxic minerals.
- You remember Dr. Hal Huggins, Dr. Peat, right?
The mercury guy? - Oh yeah.
- We used to have him on the show before he left us
and he would, almost every show, he would say,
"I look at these blood chemistries, Patrick, every day."
And he does a lot of them.
And he said that the people on Morton's pickling
and canning salt had better balances
of the everything in their blood than the people on sea salt.
He said that a lot.
- Oh yeah, it's very clean stuff.
- Clean stuff, huh.
And it's very inexpensive.
I mean, you can get a whole box of it for what,
a buck or something?
- I think it's four pounds in a box for a couple dollars.
- Here's one for you from Carol.
I'm a woman 77 years old, and lately I sometimes wake up
in the middle of the night
and my whole body is internally vibrating.
What could be causing this anyway to remedy it?
Wow.
- Oh yeah, the blood sugar normally falls at night
as the metabolism slows down.
And just the very low blood sugar can give you surges
of adrenaline that create symptoms like that vibration.
Sometimes with changes in many brain chemicals
in reaction to the hypoglycemia,
you might wake up with extreme clarity of thought
or extreme panic and fear.
But it's derived from the fact that the liver and muscles
should be well supplied with stored glucose as glycogen.
And then during the night, as we stop eating,
the blood sugar falls and liver glycogen should be released
into the blood so that we don't have surges
of free fatty acids.
But about halfway through the night,
most people do have a failure of the liver stored glycogen
and they start putting out large amounts
of free fatty acids.
And those fatty acids block our ability to use glucose
and creates really a brain toxic situation.
- Wow.
- And so waking up and having a snack,
a glass of orange juice or milk, for example,
gives our brain some glucose and helps lower
the free fatty acids in the blood.
- Anything that you found over the years to do
before bed to help this whole situation
so you don't wake up?
- Yeah, some orange juice, jello, marshmallows,
ice cream, milkshake, emphasizing carbohydrate,
experiments to stop nocturnal hot flashes and night sweats.
They would give them a huge amount of cornstarch,
for example, any carbohydrate will do,
but it should be along with nutrients.
- What's the difference between the carbohydrate there,
Doc, with, or maybe say an organic sprouted bread
or a cracker or something like that?
Similar?
- When you're under stress, any carbohydrate
is better than the stress which poisons you
with the usually polyunsaturated fats
that get into your brain and the brain is renewing itself
during the night so there's a huge turnover
of brain substance and the stress is putting
free fatty acids that you've eaten into your bloodstream,
they get incorporated very quickly
as they pass through the brain.
So your brain substance is changing very quickly
over a period of just a few weeks,
the brain will change its substance
according to what you ate.
- So could this be where the whole idea
of comfort food comes in, where you have something
really good, like a potatoes or organic pasta or something
and you just feel better if you're freaked out
about something?
- Oh yeah, it could be potatoes or pasta or a milkshake.
- A milkshake.
- Sugar, getting your blood sugar up
and your free fatty acids down,
it creates a sense of peace and well-being
and lowers inflammation.
- Lowers inflammation, wow.
- Hypoglycemia is, diabetics suffer from that
because they aren't using their glucose,
they're suffering a deficiency of glucose
even when they have high blood glucose
because it isn't getting into the cells to be used.
And hypoglycemia is a powerful cause of inflammation
just like hypoxia, it's basically suffocating
on the energy level.
- Well Dr. Peat, you're the most fun nutritionist we know,
recommending milkshakes and ice cream before bed,
I mean that's great, orange juice,
doesn't get much better than that, does it?
- Yeah, a person shouldn't specialize in those
if they have a weight problem,
but milk, it happens that the high calcium
to phosphate ratio of milk activates the metabolism
so that it burns energy at a much higher rate.
Animal studies as well as human studies show
that mostly the calcium but other things
in a high milk diet are great for weight loss,
a very great increase in the metabolic rate
and ability to burn calories.
- Interesting, Dr. Ray Peat is with us,
we are live here March 2nd, 2021.
We're gonna talk to Fred Dashefsky
and also Matthew Errett tomorrow,
Wednesday we begin at 10 o'clock or so.
Here's one for you from Alistair, Dr. Peat,
how harmful is MSG?
Should it be avoided completely or a small amount's okay?
- I think a small amount is okay,
but it is, glutamic acid is a brain excitant
and especially if you don't have a protein to balance it,
there is glutamic acid at a fairly high concentration
in gelatin for example,
but the other amino acids keep the glutamic acid
from getting into your brain at a high level
where it could cause excitotoxic damage.
So if you're just having pasta for example,
even a fairly small amount of MSG
could potentially be toxic.
- Uh-huh, yeah.
What do you think about the cold?
I noticed that during this,
when I had no electricity, no heat
and we were out gathering wood and all that,
I actually felt stronger being out there.
Do you think it could actually be healthier
to live in a cold climate?
- Only if you're regularly exposed to it,
like animals that live outdoors
develop a heavy coat of fur in the winter
and their thyroid adjusts up
like four times as active during the winter.
- Interesting.
- But that's because of the stimulation of the skin.
And so if you're well fed and spend your days
doing some activity outdoors
where you're constantly exposed to the cold,
that should, like any animal,
it should increase your thyroid function.
- If you did cold water on your face and neck
say in the morning, really ice cold water,
how does that affect the parasympathetic
or the sympathetic nervous system?
- It gives you a surge of sympathetic activity.
- Sympathetic activity, wow.
- Yeah.
They think it activates a diving reflex.
In babies you can see a shift of the blood flow
like in a seal.
They drastically shift the nervous system
and the sense that their face is underwater
redirects the blood circulation.
So it's mostly oxygenating.
The remaining oxygen goes to their brain and lungs
and lets the muscles live on glycolysis.
And the cold water on your face,
especially if you've been overheated,
can cause that shift of the nervous system.
When I worked in the woods
and would be very thirsty and overheated,
I would come to a stream and lie down
and put my face in the cold water to drink.
I would feel what was probably a dangerous surge
of nervous activity that was,
I think, redirecting my blood flow to my lungs and brains.
But I would tilt it that way with my head down.
Usually felt like I was in danger of having a stroke
or something, a very congested feeling in my head.
- Years ago I read where they would take these
Tour de France cyclists, you know,
who were cycling all day long.
And they'd get really hot
and they'd actually have to pack their necks in ice
so they could sleep.
But that's almost contrary to what you've just said
about sympathetic and parasympathetic,
so I'm a bit confused.
Maybe that article was incorrect?
In other words, these bicyclers, you know,
they would cycle all day long
in the Tour de France during the summer
and they would be so heated up,
they'd actually have to put these ice packs on their neck
to sleep, to be able to sleep.
- Yeah, that's just because overheating is dangerous.
- I see.
- If you get your temperature under control,
then your body can adjust to go to sleep.
But the overheating turns on what my last newsletter
was talking about, the heat shock proteins,
which defend against the heat,
but they do that at the expense of energy production
in the efficient oxidizing way.
And so they lower all of your healthy adaptive functions
as an emergency measure against the heat.
So after overheating seriously, like an athlete might,
then you have to do something to try to reverse
that heat shock protein suppression
of your proper metabolism.
- Interesting.
So that's maybe why I sleep better and feel better
when I get out of the sauna and do an ice cold shower,
right out of there, and stay under that ice cold shower
for five minutes.
- Yeah, you don't want to overheat as long as you don't have
a bad reaction like fatigue.
Cold water, if it's too cold, can drain your energy.
The amount of energy that we actually use for functioning
is a fairly small fraction of what we emit
by conduction and radiation.
We radiate about three quarters of our food energy
out as infrared and microwaves.
And so if we're in a very cold, relative to our ability
to burn calories, then our body temperature falls
and we're seriously sick.
- Do you think there's ways that we can systematically
and cleverly learn how to survive and thrive
on less physical food using more of the God force?
- Yeah, you can survive.
When I worked in the woods, I knew a guy
who only took one quart of water and sipped it occasionally
and only one little sandwich.
And he was very apparently comfortable,
but when you look at the outcome over a lifetime,
the higher your metabolic rate, the longer you live
and the fewer sicknesses.
So wasteful heat production, uncoupling your heat production
from the production of usable ATP,
it has lots of beneficial effects.
It reduces inflammation.
- So how do we raise our metabolic rate?
- Avoiding PUFA.
- PUFAs?
- That's the most important basic thing for most people.
- And what does eating in general do to the metabolic rate?
If one survives on less food,
is that lower or raise the metabolic rate?
- If you're avoiding like a calorie-restricted diet,
the benefit of it is that people eat almost none
of the toxic polyunsaturated fats.
- Okay.
- And they get lower intake of heavy metals and iron,
so they're drastically reducing the poisoning.
The amino acids tryptophan, methionine, and cysteine,
people are almost always overeating on those amino acids
and the proteins that they get.
And Broda Barnes found with his experiments on himself
that when he ate a high-protein, almost pure-protein diet,
he needed at least twice as much thyroid supplement
to keep going.
- Really?
- Because of those particular amino acids
being thyroid-suppressive and non-metabolic.
And so a low-protein diet,
as long as you get just what you need,
and gelatin is very helpful for that
because it doesn't have the suppressive amino acids.
- So I see, so the supplemental gelatin,
like Great Lake gelatin or gelatin from bone broth
and things like that?
- Yeah, gelatin and carbohydrate.
- Carbohydrate.
- And that will support your high metabolic rate
at a much lower calorie intake
if you avoid the toxic calories.
- Here's an interesting question.
Is Dr. Peat talking about the Schumann resonance
affecting the magnetic frequencies of the Earth?
Doesn't it also determine lightning strikes
and disprove global warming as it's being sold?
- I've only been concerned with its effects
on the organisms.
But yeah, the whole electrical function
of the Earth interaction with the solar wind
streaming past the Earth,
it's like a wind chimes sort of effect.
It's activated by the streaming solar wind
and the Earth resonates to that.
And in the process, you get big shifts of electricity
that undoubtedly contribute to why there are more
thunderstorms in some seasons
and how those interact with the solar cycles.
- Here's an email, oh, go ahead.
- Solar cycles are probably a better explanation
for the data that they see and refer to
as anthropogenic planetary warming.
- Yeah, there's more information.
We like a website called Suspicious Observers
with Ben Davidson.
And he puts out these videos, Doc, every day
about the whole sun and the sunspots
and everything going on.
And he's been very accurate with predicting everything
from earthquakes to floods to all kinds of stuff.
- Yeah, it's partly kind of a superstition among scientists.
They don't want to recognize how powerful
the sun's influence is.
And even the interactions of the heavy planets
with the sun and the Earth, those have influences.
And the traditional science people are made nervous
by it, it's too complicated,
and they call it superstition.
- Yeah, a lot of the sunspot people, Dr. Peat,
suggested we could be going into much more of a cooling
rather than a warming in the next--
- Until Three Mile Island happened,
all of the experts were predicting,
for decades they've been predicting a new coming ice age.
But the Pentagon put out some publications
following the Three Mile Island scare
where people turned against nuclear power
because they saw the dangers.
And the Pentagon needed their nuclear power
as a source of material for atomic bombs.
And they didn't want people to turn against nuclear power,
which they needed an excuse for why we should--
- Why we need that stuff, right?
- Give up petroleum and coal and shift to nuclear power.
They invented the planetary warming thing.
And suddenly, suddenly in just a period of a few months,
the public media shifted from coming ice age
to a coming heat catastrophe.
- Interesting, and when was Three Mile Island,
that was, was that the '70s or '60s?
- I forget exactly, or '76 or '78, somewhere around that.
- So your research shows that that was the whole beginning
of this man-made global warming thing?
- Yeah, I think it's called the "Lethal News"
has a good article on the Pentagon's invention
of global warming.
- That's correct.
A couple more, then we'll let you go.
Let's see here, okay, this is Slavovski.
He says, "I've been following your dietary guidelines
"for about three years, and I've seen huge improvements
"to my health, thank you very much.
"One thing I'd like to improve more
"is my high blood pressure that's around 180 to 110
"on an average day.
"Somehow I think it's related to snoring and sleep apnea.
"My kids tell me I snore like a monster.
"Can you suggest any way to tackle the challenge
"in general, what's causing the sleep apnea?"
- Oh yeah, usually it's hypothyroidism.
And if you look at the people who have had hypothyroidism
and high blood pressure, when they correct
the hypothyroidism, it's the rule
that they have corrected their high blood pressure too.
And hypothyroidism tends to lower the blood pressure.
Hypothyroidism compensates with high adrenaline
and high inflammatory processes.
So hypothyroidism is a very important cause
of high blood pressure.
- Interesting.
- As well as sleep apnea.
- Have you seen, I know you've worked so diligently
with people around the world for a lot of times
on the whole low thyroid.
Have you seen where people can actually use
a little bit of the piggy stuff
and get this thyroid back working
without having to take it every day?
- Oh yeah, I've seen two or three
really spectacular examples of that.
One woman was diagnosed as having a non-functioning,
completely dead pituitary gland.
- Huh.
- And all of her adrenal and thyroid and other hormones
had gone down to zero.
And when she took, for just a few days,
I think it was only a half a grain of thyroid supplement,
suddenly that little bit catalyzed a signal
that the stress situation was over
and the stress had been knocking out her pituitary function.
So just in a week, everything came back.
And others, one woman who had been sick and disabled
for I guess about 30 years,
she felt better when she was taking
a couple of grains of arm or thyroid.
But she decided to experiment and got a doctor
to increase the dose up five grains a day
was the maximum he would prescribe.
- Five grains.
- And she felt so much better on that
that she went across the state and got another doctor
and convinced him to give her five grains.
And she was almost back to normal
after 30 years of extreme, needed a walker to get around.
- My goodness.
Now she didn't stay on the five grains a long time,
I suspect.
- No, but she got a third doctor for another,
she took 15 grains for a couple of three weeks.
And as she returned to normal,
it took her maybe eight or 10 weeks to cut it down,
went back down to five grains
and was back to work absolutely normal.
- My goodness.
Now a grain is 60 milligrams, right?
That's a lot, right?
- Yeah, Broda-Barnes average patient got two grains.
- About two, about two.
- Yeah, and that's about half of what
a healthy gland produces.
So even if you have no gland,
you can function moderately well on two grains a day.
- Is there any reason to believe though
that say somebody is taking two grains
and they would like, you know,
they're only 40 or 50 or whatever,
and they don't want to really take this thing
for another 50 years,
that they can help this thyroid to get happy
and not take those two grains?
Is there any reason to believe that's possible?
- Yeah, as soon as you can unload
all of the stored polyunsaturated fats
that create the inflammation and the stress
that requires thyroid and suppress thyroid,
as soon as you can unload that fat.
So a thin person, the first woman I mentioned
was very skinny and it just took her a week
to get out of the stress.
The other one had hips that were
almost three feet across, I think,
and so it took her a lot of time
to burn off some of that excess fat.
- Here's a final one, this is kind of a fun question
from an email or a listener.
If splashing cold water on the face
initiates the diving reflex,
is it the increase of carbon dioxide
that provides the oxygen to slow the breath down?
- Oh, I've--
- Do you understand?
I don't understand the question, do you?
If splashing cold water on the face--
- Well, I think that probably there is a lot
of carbon dioxide because the remaining oxygen
is being circulated mostly to the brain and lungs,
and so they do accumulate a lot of carbon dioxide,
but I think there's an immediate nervous signal
to stop breathing hard, but over a period
of 15, 20 seconds or so, the carbon dioxide
starts having its effect of calming the stress nerves.
But even though the higher carbon dioxide
increases your sense need to breathe,
I think for a diving animal,
it is probably having a protective stabilizing effect.
- Finally, do you think it's important for us all
to have our share of fruits throughout the week
other than orange juice?
It's good for us in general?
- If you choose from fruits that aren't starchy
or irritating, some fruits can be very allergenic
and hard to digest, especially in supermarkets.
They aren't properly ripened.
Peaches, for example, are usually hard and indigestible.
- Oh, so when you get those kind of things,
you bite into them, you just know
that you shouldn't be eating that.
That's a lot of starch and not ripened properly.
- Yeah.
- Not ripened properly.
Well, Dr. Peat, can we talk you into coming back
on your regular time in a few weeks?
- Okay.
- Do you want to do that?
Great.
And then we'll just dig right into the emails
'cause we have so many here.
And if you don't mind, I will send out your little discourse
on your opinion about Cowans and Kaufman's
and other people's work.
I'll send it to them and we'll see what they say
and maybe we'll do something with it.
- Okay.
- Thanks a lot, sir.
Appreciate it.
Bye-bye.
Take care.
- Patrick Timpone, OneRadioNetwork.com.
We always agree to Dr. Peat to just keep him
for an hour and a half.
Otherwise, we can just talk to him all day.
So that'll be fun.
We'll see what Dr. Cowan and Dr. Kaufman and others,
if they even respond, who knows.
But they're good people.
I think they're gonna enjoy what he had to say.
And I'm not familiar on the whole Zach Bush thing,
so I'm not sure about that.
I haven't kept up with Zach Bush.
But I sure do think that Cowan and, well, everybody,
Dr. Peat, he agreed that if we could get more clear
on exactly what's going on, that we can then begin
to hone in on what is causing all this stuff
we call diseases without chasing a bunch of germs
that, like the COVID thing, that we know
that it doesn't even exist.
- Well, it's curious, huh, kids?
Okay, so we're gonna have fun.
I will see you tomorrow with Fred Jaschefsky
in the real world of money.
Also, Matthew Errett, he's gonna be here,
and he's gonna tell you how deep state the deep goes
and where to hear some of the stuff,
and where it all started.
And then a really interesting fellow
up in the Northeast, Northwest, rather,
and we're gonna talk to Paul, what's his name?
Oh, well, his name is escaping me.
But anyway, he's cool.
Regenerative farming, and we're gonna need
to be doing more of that because we saw
what happened here in Texas when we had these temperatures
and the food stores finally opened.
You go in the store and there was no food.
It was like, okay, wait a minute, there's no food here.
What am I doing here?
I mean, seriously, it was like that during the,
I think we were about, what, 10, 12 days
without the basic necessities of water
and power and all kinds of stuff.
The power was off and on.
But then finally, when we wanted to get to the store
and the streets got clear,
and then we went to the local HEB to pick up a few things,
and they didn't have anything.
We were finding stuff to feed Doodle
'cause she eats a lot of chicken and grass-fed beef
and organic chicken, and there was nothing there.
I mean, the shelves were just like, phew.
So I had that experience as well
when I lived in New Orleans in the '70s,
and when a hurricane was coming,
and they would talk about, they would predict this hurricane
and they were pretty hardcore in New Orleans,
and you go to the store and there was nothing.
So the, I don't, this is not fear porn stuff,
but these, all the stores, I don't care where they are,
they're all in just-in-time inventory these days, right?
They don't have a big area where they're storing stuff.
They got a few pallets of water, you'll see,
few stuff that they sell a lot of, toilet paper,
but no, they don't have a lot of food.
And so if the trucks ever get stopped or a highway
gets an earthquake thing and main highway from whatever,
10 from California to Texas,
there's not gonna be any food at the store.
So we have to think more about this
and prepare for, just to take care of ourselves.
So we're gonna do more on the whole farming thing,
and also we're gonna get George on real soon,
George Altgeld, and talk about,
and get some people on how we can do more
creative farming at home with the greenhouses
and stuff on the balconies if you're,
if you have a, you know, an apartment, stuff like that.
So there's lots to do.
I love you all very much.
Thanks for your ongoing support.
We're running all kinds of fun videos
when we're not running our streaming shows
from One Radio Network, so stay in tune.
Come on our website, see what we have.
We find all kinds of crazy things, and they're fun.
And they're just more information.
We're not suggesting that everything that we run
and all these different shows, that we agree with them all,
this is just information, and take it for what it's worth.
If it's something that's fun, well, you know,
listen to it and maybe explore the people.
So I love you, thank you, and we will see you
on the morrow at 10 o'clock.
(upbeat music)
- Nothing is more expensive than bad information.
Know the source, oneradionetwork.com.
(upbeat music)
(logo thuds)
the world.
[BLANK_AUDIO]